README.md, before:

### How to play
`ruby battleship.rb`

#### Setup
Make sure Ruby is installed on your system. Run battleship.rb from the command line. The only other file needed to run the program is better_algorithm.rb. (Of course we'd love to see a web or desktop version of this.)

Run the program and follow the on-screen prompts.

#### Gameplay

There are two phases:
- Setup game
- Play game

To setup the game, for each ship, simply choose h or v for horizontal, then the coordinates (with lowercase letter followed by number, e.g., a1).

To play, simply type in coordinates of your attacks. To make the game more readable, there are many "Enter to continue..." prompts.

There may be some bugs. There may also be some puzzling text that appears on the console, left over from testing.

### How to test
There are no unit tests set up yet. Developers are encouraged to develop some.

### Developer notes
This battleship game was started by Larry Sanger as his first "big" project written in Ruby. Larry learned Perl back in 2002 but never used it professionally. He has helped to start many websites, but never as a programmer. He's decided that his project management skills would be enhanced by learning actual coding. So he started learning Ruby (in order to learn Rails) in June 2016.

The code as of Sept. 10, 2016 (day of first uploading to Github) is very amateurish. It desperately needs to be refactored in keeping with good programming practices. Experienced Ruby devs are strongly encouraged to  contact Larry at yo.larrysanger@gmail.com with refactoring advice and tasklists.

Commit message:

update README with rspec instructions

README.md, after:

### How to play
`ruby battleship.rb`

#### Setup
Make sure Ruby is installed on your system. Run battleship.rb from the command line. The only other file needed to run the program is better_algorithm.rb. (Of course we'd love to see a web or desktop version of this.)

Run the program and follow the on-screen prompts.

#### Gameplay

There are two phases:
- Setup game
- Play game

To setup the game, for each ship, simply choose h or v for horizontal, then the coordinates (with lowercase letter followed by number, e.g., a1).

To play, simply type in coordinates of your attacks. To make the game more readable, there are many "Enter to continue..." prompts.

There may be some bugs. There may also be some puzzling text that appears on the console, left over from testing.

### How to test
There are no unit tests set up yet. Developers are encouraged to develop some.

`bundle exec rspec spec` will run the current available test(s).


### Developer notes
This battleship game was started by Larry Sanger as his first "big" project written in Ruby. Larry learned Perl back in 2002 but never used it professionally. He has helped to start many websites, but never as a programmer. He's decided that his project management skills would be enhanced by learning actual coding. So he started learning Ruby (in order to learn Rails) in June 2016.

The code as of Sept. 10, 2016 (day of first uploading to Github) is very amateurish. It desperately needs to be refactored in keeping with good programming practices. Experienced Ruby devs are strongly encouraged to  contact Larry at yo.larrysanger@gmail.com with refactoring advice and tasklists.
